ITL - check_http - adds second http_post (#9880)
Icinga/icinga2: doc/10-icinga-template-library.md

http_headerstring                | **Optional.** String to expect in the response headers.
http_string                      | **Optional.** String to expect in the content.
http_post                        | **Optional.** URL encoded http POST data.

> http_post_pw                     | **Optional.** URL encoded http POST data, but Icingaweb2 should hide this one, as it contains a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
http_post_pw                     | **Optional.** URL encoded http POST data Icinga Web 2 shall hide as it contains a password.
```
